PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 6.3.1

Defined Approach Requirements:
(continued)_
Security vulnerabilities are identified and managed as follows: New security vulnerabilities are identified using industry-recognized sources for security vulnerability information, including alerts from international and national computer emergency response teams (CERTs). Vulnerabilities are assigned a risk ranking based on industry best practices and consideration of potential impact. Risk rankings identify, at a minimum, all vulnerabilities considered to be a high-risk or critical to the environment. Vulnerabilities for bespoke and custom, and third-party software (for example operating systems and databases) are covered.

Customized Approach Objective:
New system and software vulnerabilities that may impact the security of cardholder data and/or sensitive authentication data are monitored, cataloged, and risk assessed.

Testing Procedures:
Testing Procedure 6.3.1.a: Examine policies and procedures for identifying and managing security vulnerabilities to verify that processes are defined in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement.
Testing Procedure 6.3.1.b: Interview responsible personnel, examine documentation, and observe processes to verify that security vulnerabilities are identified and managed in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement.

Guidance:
Purpose: Classifying the risks (for example, as critical, high, medium, or low) allows organizations to identify, prioritize, and address the highest risk items more quickly and reduce the likelihood that vulnerabilities posing the greatest risk will be exploited. Examples: Some organizations that issue alerts to advise entities about urgent vulnerabilities requiring immediate patches/updates are national computer emergency readiness/response teams (certs) and vendors. criteria for ranking vulnerabilities may include criticality of a vulnerability identified in an alert from forum of incident response and security teams (first) or a cert, consideration of the cvss score, the classification by the vendor, and/or type of systems affected. Good Practice: Methods for evaluating vulnerabilities and assigning risk ratings will vary based on an organization’s environment and risk-assessment strategy. when an entity is assigning its risk rankings, it should consider using a formal, objective, justifiable methodology that accurately portrays the risks of the vulnerabilities pertinent to the organization and translates to an appropriate entity-assigned priority for resolution. risk rankings should, at a minimum, identify all vulnerabilities considered to be a “high risk” to the environment. in addition to the risk ranking, vulnerabilities may be considered “critical” if they pose an imminent threat to the environment, impact critical systems, and/or would result in a potential compromise if not addressed. examples of critical systems may include security systems, public-facing devices and systems, databases, and other systems that store, process, or transmit cardholder data. _(continued on next page)_. Further Information: Trustworthy sources for vulnerability information include vendor websites, industry newsgroups, mailing lists, etc. if software is developed in-house, the internal development team should also consider sources of information about new vulnerabilities that may affect internally developed applications. other methods to ensure new vulnerabilities are identified include solutions that automatically recognize and alert upon detection of unusual behavior. processes should account for widely published exploits as well as “zero-day” attacks, which target previously unknown vulnerabilities. for bespoke and custom software, the organization may obtain information about libraries, frameworks, compilers, programming languages, etc. from public trusted sources (for example, special resources and resources from component developers). the organization may also independently analyze third- party components and identify vulnerabilities. _(continued on next page)_.