PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 8.3.9 Defined Approach Requirements: If passwords/passphrases are used as the only authentication factor for user access (i.e., in any single-factor authentication implementation) then either: Passwords/passphrases are changed at least once every 90 days, OR The security posture of accounts is dynamically analyzed, and real-time access to resources is automatically determined accordingly. (continued)_ Customized Approach Objective: An undetected compromised password/passphrase cannot be used indefinitely. Applicability Notes: This requirement does not apply to in-scope system components where MFA is used. This requirement is not intended to apply to user accounts on point-of-sale terminals that have access to only one card number at a time to facilitate a single transaction. This requirement does not apply to service providers’ customer accounts but does apply to accounts for service provider personnel. Testing Procedures: Testing Procedure 8.3.9: If passwords/passphrases are used as the only authentication factor for user access, inspect system configuration settings to verify that passwords/passphrases are managed in accordance with ONE of the elements specified in this requirement. Guidance: Purpose: Access to in-scope system components that are not in the cde may be provided using a single authentication factor, such as a password/passphrase, token device or smart card, or biometric attribute. where passwords/passphrases are employed as the only authentication factor for such access, additional controls are required to protect the integrity of the password/passphrase. Good Practice: Passwords/passphrases that are valid for a long time without a change provide malicious individuals with more time to break the password/phrase. periodically changing passwords offers less time for a malicious individual to crack a password/passphrase and less time to use a compromised password. using a password/passphrase as the only authentication factor provides a single point of failure if compromised. therefore, in these implementations, controls are needed to minimize how long malicious activity could occur via a compromised password/passphrase. . Further Information: For information about using dynamic analysis to manage user access to resources, see_nist sp_ _800-207 zero trust architecture_.