PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 10.5.1 Defined Approach Requirements: Retain audit log history for at least 12 months, with at least the most recent three months immediately available for analysis. Customized Approach Objective: Historical records of activity are available immediately to support incident response and are retained for at least 12 months. Testing Procedures: Testing Procedure 10.5.1.a: Examine documentation to verify that the following is defined: Audit log retention policies. Procedures for retaining audit log history for at least 12 months, with at least the most recent three months immediately available online. Testing Procedure 10.5.1.b: Examine configurations of audit log history, interview personnel and examine audit logs to verify that audit logs history is retained for at least 12 months. Testing Procedure 10.5.1.c: Interview personnel and observe processes to verify that at least the most recent three months’ audit log history is immediately available for analysis. Guidance: Purpose: Retaining historical audit logs for at least 12 months is necessary because compromises often go unnoticed for significant lengths of time. having centrally stored log history allows investigators to better determine the length of time a potential breach was occurring, and the possible system(s) impacted. by having three months of logs immediately available, an entity can quickly identify and minimize impact of a data breach. Examples: Methods that allow logs to be immediately available include storing logs online, archiving logs, or restoring logs quickly from backups.