PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 1.2.3 Defined Approach Requirements: (continued)_ An accurate network diagram(s) is maintained that shows all connections between the CDE and other networks, including any wireless networks. Customized Approach Objective: **1.2.3.b** Examine documentation and interview responsible personnel to verify that the network diagram(s) is accurate and updated when there are changes to the environment. Applicability Notes: A current network diagram(s) or other technical or topological solution that identifies network connections and devices can be used to meet this requirement. Testing Procedures: Testing Procedure 1.2.3.a: Examine diagram(s) and network configurations to verify that an accurate network diagram(s) exists in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement. Testing Procedure 1.2.3.b: Examine documentation and interview responsible personnel to verify that the network diagram(s) is accurate and updated when there are changes to the environment. Guidance: Purpose: An up-to-date, readily available data-flow diagram helps an organization understand and keep track of the scope of its environment by showing how account data flows across networks and between individual systems and devices. maintaining an up-to-date data-flow diagram(s) prevents account data from being overlooked and unknowingly left unsecured. Good Practice: The data-flow diagram should include all connection points where account data is received into and sent out of the network, including connections to open, public networks, application processing flows, storage, transmissions between systems and networks, and file backups. .