PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 9.5.1.3 Defined Approach Requirements: Training is provided for personnel in POI environments to be aware of attempted tampering or replacement of POI devices, and includes: Verifying the identity of any third-party persons claiming to be repair or maintenance personnel, before granting them access to modify or troubleshoot devices. Procedures to ensure devices are not installed, replaced, or returned without verification. Being aware of suspicious behavior around devices. Reporting suspicious behavior and indications of device tampering or substitution to appropriate personnel. (continued)_ Customized Approach Objective: Personnel are knowledgeable about the types of attacks against POI devices, the entity’s technical and procedural countermeasures, and can access assistance and guidance when required. Testing Procedures: Testing Procedure 9.5.1.3.a: Review training materials for personnel in POI environments to verify they include all elements specified in this requirement. Testing Procedure 9.5.1.3.b: Interview personnel in POI environments to verify they have received training and know the procedures for all elements specified in this requirement**.** Testing Procedure 9.5.1.3: Training is provided for personnel in POI environments to be aware of attempted tampering or replacement of POI devices, and includes: Verifying the identity of any third-party persons claiming to be repair or maintenance personnel, before granting them access to modify or troubleshoot devices. Procedures to ensure devices are not installed, replaced, or returned without verification. Being aware of suspicious behavior around devices. Reporting suspicious behavior and indications of device tampering or substitution to appropriate personnel. Guidance: Purpose: Criminals will often pose as authorized maintenance personnel to gain access to poi devices. Examples: Suspicious behavior that personnel should be aware of includes attempts by unknown persons to unplug or open devices. ensuring personnel are aware of mechanisms for reporting suspicious behavior and who to report such behavior to—for example, a manager or security officer—will help reduce the likelihood and potential impact of a device being tampered with or substituted. Good Practice: Personnel training should include being alert to and questioning anyone who shows up to do poi maintenance to ensure they are authorized and have a valid work order, including any agents, maintenance or repair personnel, technicians, service providers, or other third parties. all third parties requesting access to devices should always be verified before being provided access—for example, by checking with management or phoning the poi maintenance company, such as the vendor or acquirer, for verification. many criminals will try to fool personnel by dressing for the part (for example, carrying toolboxes and dressed in work apparel), and could also be knowledgeable about locations of devices, so personnel should be trained to always follow procedures. another trick that criminals use is to send a “new” poi device with instructions for swapping it with a legitimate device and “returning” the legitimate device. the criminals may even provide return postage to their specified address. therefore, personnel should always verify with their manager or supplier that the device is legitimate and came from a trusted source before installing it or using it for business. .