PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 11.5.1

Defined Approach Requirements:
Intrusion-detection and/or intrusion- prevention techniques are used to detect and/or prevent intrusions into the network as follows: All traffic is monitored at the perimeter of the CDE. All traffic is monitored at critical points in the CDE. Personnel are alerted to suspected compromises. All intrusion-detection and prevention engines, baselines, and signatures are kept up to date.

Customized Approach Objective:
Mechanisms to detect real-time suspicious or anomalous network traffic that may be indicative of threat actor activity are implemented. Alerts generated by these mechanisms are responded to by personnel, or by automated means that ensure that system components cannot be compromised as a result of the detected activity.

Testing Procedures:
Testing Procedure 11.5.1.a: Examine system configurations and network diagrams to verify that intrusion-detection and/or intrusion-prevention techniques are in place to monitor all traffic: At the perimeter of the CDE. At critical points in the CDE.
Testing Procedure 11.5.1.b: Examine system configurations and interview responsible personnel to verify intrusion- detection and/or intrusion-prevention techniques alert personnel of suspected compromises.
Testing Procedure 11.5.1.c: Examine system configurations and vendor documentation to verify intrusion-detection and/or intrusion-prevention techniques are configured to keep all engines, baselines, and signatures up to date.