PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 11.6.1 Defined Approach Requirements: A change- and tamper-detection mechanism is deployed as follows: To alert personnel to unauthorized modification (including indicators of compromise, changes, additions, and deletions) to the security- impacting HTTP headers and the script contents of payment pages as received by the consumer browser. The mechanism is configured to evaluate the received HTTP headers and payment pages. The mechanism functions are performed as follows: – At least weekly OR – Periodically (at the frequency defined in the entity’s targeted risk analysis, which is performed according to all elements specified in Requirement 12.3.1). Customized Approach Objective: E-commerce skimming code or techniques cannot be added to payment pages as received by the consumer browser without a timely alert being generated. Anti-skimming measures cannot be removed from payment pages without a prompt alert being generated. Testing Procedures: Testing Procedure 11.6.1.a: Examine system settings, monitored payment pages, and results from monitoring activities to verify the use of a change- and tamper- detection mechanism. Testing Procedure 11.6.1.b: Examine configuration settings to verify the mechanism is configured in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement. Testing Procedure 11.6.1.c: If the mechanism functions are performed at an entity-defined frequency, examine the entity’s targeted risk analysis for determining the frequency to verify the risk analysis was performed in accordance with all elements specified at Requirement 12.3.1. Testing Procedure 11.6.1.d: Examine configuration settings and interview personnel to verify the mechanism functions are performed either: At least weekly Guidance: Purpose: Many web pages now rely on assembling objects, including active content (primarily javascript), from multiple internet locations. additionally, the content of many web pages is defined using content management and tag management systems that may not be possible to monitor using traditional change detection mechanisms. therefore, the only place to detect changes or indicators of malicious activity is in the consumer browser as the page is constructed and all javascript interpreted. by comparing the current version of the http header and the active content of payment pages as received by the consumer browser with prior or known versions, it is possible to detect unauthorized changes that may indicate a skimming attack, or an attempt to disable a control designed to protect against, or to detect, skimming attacks. additionally, by looking for known indicators of compromise and script elements or behavior typical of skimmers, suspicious alerts can be raised. . Examples: Mechanisms that detect and report on changes to the headers and content of the payment page could include, but are not limited to, a combination of the following techniques: violations of the content security policy (csp) can be reported to the entity using the_report-to_ or_report-uri_ csp directives. changes to the csp itself can indicate tampering. external monitoring by systems that request and analyze the received web pages (also known as synthetic user monitoring) can detect changes to javascript in payment pages and alert personnel. embedding tamper-resistant, tamper-detection script in the payment page can alert and block when malicious script behavior is detected. reverse proxies and content delivery networks can detect changes in scripts and alert personnel. the above list of mechanisms is not exhaustive, and the use of any one mechanism is not necessarily a full detection and reporting mechanism. often, these mechanisms are subscription or cloud- based, but can also be based on custom and bespoke solutions. Good Practice: Where an entity includes a tpsp’s/payment processor’s embedded payment page/form on its webpage, the entity should expect the tpsp/payment processor to provide evidence that the tpsp/payment processor is meeting this requirement, in accordance with the tpsp’s/payment processor’s pci dss assessment and requirement 12.9.