PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 6.5.1

Defined Approach Requirements:
Changes to all system components in the production environment are made according to established procedures that include: Reason for, and description of, the change. Documentation of security impact. Documented change approval by authorized parties. Testing to verify that the change does not adversely impact system security. For bespoke and custom software changes, all updates are tested for compliance with Requirement 6.2.4 before being deployed into production. Procedures to address failures and return to a secure state.

Customized Approach Objective:
All changes are tracked, authorized, and evaluated for impact and security, and changes are managed to avoid unintended effects to the security of system components.

Testing Procedures:
Testing Procedure 6.5.1.a: Examine documented change control procedures to verify procedures are defined for changes to all system components in the production environment to include all elements specified in this requirement.
Testing Procedure 6.5.1.b: Examine recent changes to system components and trace those changes back to related change control documentation. For each change examined, verify the change is implemented in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement.
Testing Procedure 6.5.1: Changes to all system components in the production environment are made according to established procedures that include: Reason for, and description of, the change. Documentation of security impact. Documented change approval by authorized parties. Testing to verify that the change does not adversely impact system security. For bespoke and custom software changes, all updates are tested for compliance with Requirement 6.2.4 before being deployed into production. Procedures to address failures and return to a secure state.

Guidance:
Purpose: Change management procedures must be applied to all changes—including the addition, removal, or modification of any system component—in the production environment. it is important to document the reason for a change and the change description so that relevant parties understand and agree the change is needed. likewise, documenting the impacts of the change allows all affected parties to plan appropriately for any processing changes. Good Practice: Approval by authorized parties confirms that the change is legitimate and that the change is sanctioned by the organization. changes should be approved by individuals with the appropriate authority and knowledge to understand the impact of the change. thorough testing by the entity confirms that the security of the environment is not reduced by implementing a change and that all existing security controls either remain in place or are replaced with equal or stronger security controls after the change. the specific testing to be performed will vary according to the type of change and system component(s) affected. for each change, it is important to have documented procedures that address any failures and provide instructions on how to return to a secure state in case the change fails or adversely affects the security of an application or system. these procedures will allow the application or system to be restored to its previous secure state.