PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 1.5.1 Defined Approach Requirements: Security controls are implemented on any computing devices, including company- and employee-owned devices, that connect to both untrusted networks (including the Internet) and the CDE as follows: Specific configuration settings are defined to prevent threats being introduced into the entity’s network. Security controls are actively running. Security controls are not alterable by users of the computing devices unless specifically documented and authorized by management on a case-by-case basis for a limited period. Customized Approach Objective: Devices that connect to untrusted environments and also connect to the CDE cannot introduce threats to the entity’s CDE. Testing Procedures: Testing Procedure 1.5.1.a: Examine policies and configuration standards and interview personnel to verify security controls for computing devices that connect to both untrusted networks, and the CDE, are implemented in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement. Testing Procedure 1.5.1.b: Examine configuration settings on computing devices that connect to both untrusted networks and the CDE to verify settings are implemented in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement. Guidance: Purpose: Computing devices that are allowed to connect to the internet from outside the corporate environment—for example, desktops, laptops, tablets, smartphones, and other mobile computing devices used by employees—are more vulnerable to internet-based threats. use of security controls such as host-based controls (for example, personal firewall software or end-point protection solutions), network-based security controls (for example, firewalls, network- based heuristics inspection, and malware simulation), or hardware, helps to protect devices from internet-based attacks, which could use the device to gain access to the organization’s systems and data when the device reconnects to the network. . Examples: Practices include forbidding split-tunneling of vpns for employee-owned or corporate-owned mobile devices and requiring that such devices boot up into a vpn. Good Practice: The specific configuration settings are determined by the entity and should be consistent with its network security policies and procedures. where there is a legitimate need to temporarily disable security controls on a company-owned or employee-owned device that connects to both an untrusted network and the cde—for example, to support a specific maintenance activity or investigation of a technical problem—the reason for taking such action is understood and approved by an appropriate management representative. any disabling or altering of these security controls, including on administrators’ own devices, is performed by authorized personnel. it is recognized that administrators have privileges that may allow them to disable security controls on their own computers, but there should be alerting mechanisms in place when such controls are disabled and follow up that occurs to ensure processes were followed.