PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 9.3.1.1 Defined Approach Requirements: Physical access to sensitive areas within the CDE for personnel is controlled as follows: Access is authorized and based on individual job function. Access is revoked immediately upon termination. All physical access mechanisms, such as keys, access cards, etc., are returned or disabled upon termination. Customized Approach Objective: Sensitive areas cannot be accessed by unauthorized personnel. Testing Procedures: Testing Procedure 9.3.1.1.a: Observe personnel in sensitive areas within the CDE, interview responsible personnel, and examine physical access control lists to verify that: Access to the sensitive area is authorized. Access is required for the individual’s job function. Testing Procedure 9.3.1.1.b: Observe processes and interview personnel to verify that access of all personnel is revoked immediately upon termination. Testing Procedure 9.3.1.1.c: For terminated personnel, examine physical access controls lists and interview responsible personnel to verify that all physical access mechanisms (such as keys, access cards, etc.) were returned or disabled. Guidance: Purpose: Visitor controls are important to reduce the ability of unauthorized and malicious persons to gain access to facilities and potentially to cardholder data. visitor controls ensure visitors are identifiable as visitors so personnel can monitor their activities, and that their access is restricted to just the duration of their legitimate visit. Good Practice: Where possible, organizations should have policies and procedures to ensure that before personnel leaving the organization, all physical access mechanisms are returned, or disabled as soon as possible upon their departure. this will ensure personnel cannot gain physical access to sensitive areas once their employment has ended. Definitions: Refer to_appendix g_ for the definition of “visitor.”.