PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 10.7.1 Defined Approach Requirements: Additional requirement for service_ _providers only:_ Failures of critical security control systems are detected, alerted, and addressed promptly, including but not limited to failure of the following critical security control systems: Network security controls. IDS/IPS. FIM. Anti-malware solutions. Physical access controls. Logical access controls. Audit logging mechanisms. Segmentation controls (if used). Customized Approach Objective: Failures in critical security control systems are promptly identified and addressed. Applicability Notes: This requirement applies only when the entity being assessed is a service provider. _This requirement will be superseded by_ _Requirement 10.7.2 as of 31 March 2025._ Testing Procedures: Testing Procedure 10.7.1.a: **_Additional testing procedure for_** **_service provider assessments only:_ Testing Procedure 10.7.1.b: **_Additional testing procedure for_** **_service provider assessments only:_ Guidance: Purpose: Without formal processes to detect and alert when critical security controls fail, failures may go undetected for extended periods and provide attackers ample time to compromise system components and steal account data from the cde. Good Practice: The specific types of failures may vary, depending on the function of the device system component and technology in use. typical failures include a system ceasing to perform its security function or not functioning in its intended manner, such as a firewall erasing all its rules or going offline.