PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 12.8.1 Defined Approach Requirements: A list of all third-party service providers (TPSPs) with which account data is shared or that could affect the security of account data is maintained, including a description for each of the services provided. Customized Approach Objective: Records are maintained of TPSPs and the services provided. Applicability Notes: The use of a PCI DSS compliant TPSP does not make an entity PCI DSS compliant, nor does it remove the entity’s responsibility for its own PCI DSS compliance. Testing Procedures: Testing Procedure 12.8.1.a: Examine policies and procedures to verify that processes are defined to maintain a list of TPSPs, including a description for each of the services provided, for all TPSPs with whom account data is shared or that could affect the security of account data. Testing Procedure 12.8.1.b: Examine documentation to verify that a list of all TPSPs is maintained that includes a description of the services provided. Guidance: Purpose: Maintaining a list of all tpsps identifies where potential risk extends outside the organization and defines the organization’s extended attack surface. Examples: Different types of tpsps include those that: store, process, or transmit account data on the entity’s behalf (such as payment gateways, payment processors, payment service providers (psps), and off-site storage providers). manage system components included in the entity’s pci dss assessment (such as providers of network security control services, anti-malware services, and security incident and event management (siem); contact and call centers; web-hosting companies; and iaas, paas, saas, and faas cloud providers). could impact the security of the entity’s cardholder data and/or sensitive authentication data (such as vendors providing support via remote access, and bespoke software developers).