PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 8.6.3 Defined Approach Requirements: (continued)_ Passwords/passphrases for any application and system accounts are protected against misuse as follows: Passwords/passphrases are changed periodically (at the frequency defined in the entity’s targeted risk analysis, which is performed according to all elements specified in Requirement 12.3.1) and upon suspicion or confirmation of compromise. Passwords/passphrases are constructed with sufficient complexity appropriate for how frequently the entity changes the passwords/passphrases. Applicability Notes: _This requirement is a best practice until 31 March_ _2025, after which it will be required and must be_ _fully considered during a PCI DSS assessment._ Testing Procedures: Testing Procedure 8.6.3.a: Examine policies and procedures to verify that procedures are defined to protect passwords/passphrases for application or system accounts against misuse in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement. Testing Procedure 8.6.3.b: Examine the entity’s targeted risk analysis for the change frequency and complexity for passwords/passphrases for application and system accounts to verify the risk analysis was performed in accordance with all elements specified in Requirement 12.3.1 and addresses: The frequency defined for periodic changes to application and system passwords/passphrases. The complexity defined for passwords/passphrases and appropriateness of the complexity relative to the frequency of changes. Testing Procedure 8.6.3.c: Interview responsible personnel and examine system configuration settings to verify that passwords/passphrases for any application and system accounts are protected against misuse in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement. Guidance: Purpose: Systems and application accounts pose more inherent security risk than user accounts because they often run in an elevated security context, with access to systems that may not be typically granted to user accounts, such as programmatic access to databases, etc. as a result, special consideration must be made to protect passwords/passphrases used for application and system accounts. Good Practice: Entities should consider the following risk factors when determining how to protect application and system passwords/passphrases against misuse: how securely the passwords/passphrases are stored (for example, whether they are stored in a password vault). staff turnover. the number of people with access to the authentication factor. whether the account can be used for interactive login. whether the security posture of accounts is dynamically analyzed, and real-time access to resources is automatically determined accordingly (see requirement 8.3.9). all these elements affect the level of risk for application and system accounts and might impact the security of systems accessed by the system and application accounts. . Further Information: For information about variability and equivalency of password strength for passwords/passphrases of different formats, see the industry standards (for example, the current version of_nist sp 800-_ _63 digital identity guidelines_).