PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 2.2.3 Defined Approach Requirements: Primary functions requiring different security levels are managed as follows: Only one primary function exists on a system component, OR Primary functions with differing security levels that exist on the same system component are isolated from each other, OR Primary functions with differing security levels on the same system component are all secured to the level required by the function with the highest security need. (continued)_ Customized Approach Objective: Primary functions with lower security needs cannot affect the security of primary functions with higher security needs on the same system component. Testing Procedures: Testing Procedure 2.2.3.a: Examine system configuration standards to verify they include managing primary functions requiring different security levels as specified in this requirement. Testing Procedure 2.2.3.b: Examine system configurations to verify that primary functions requiring different security levels are managed per one of the ways specified in this requirement. Testing Procedure 2.2.3.c: Where virtualization technologies are used, examine the system configurations to verify that system functions requiring different security levels are managed in one of the following ways: Functions with differing security needs do not co-exist on the same system component. Functions with differing security needs that exist on the same system component are isolated from each other. Functions with differing security needs on the same system component are all secured to the level required by the function with the highest security need. Guidance: Purpose: Systems containing a combination of services, protocols, and daemons for their primary function will have a security profile appropriate to allow that function to operate effectively. for example, systems that need to be directly connected to the internet would have a particular profile, like a dns server, web server, or an e-commerce server. conversely, other system components may operate a primary function comprising a different set of services, protocols, and daemons that perform functions that an entity does not want exposed to the internet. this requirement aims to ensure that different functions do not impact the security profiles of other services in a way which may cause them to operate at a higher or lower security level. Good Practice: Ideally, each function should be placed on different system components. this can be achieved by implementing only one primary function on each system component. another option is to isolate primary functions on the same system component that have different security levels, for example, isolating web servers (which need to be directly connected to the internet) from application and database servers. .