PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 6.3.2 Defined Approach Requirements: An inventory of bespoke and custom software, and third-party software components incorporated into bespoke and custom software is maintained to facilitate vulnerability and patch management. Customized Approach Objective: **6.3.2.b** Examine software documentation, including for bespoke and custom software that integrates third-party software components, and compare it to the inventory to verify that the inventory includes the bespoke and custom software and third-party software components. Applicability Notes: _This requirement is a best practice until 31 March_ _2025, after which it will be required and must be_ _fully considered during a PCI DSS assessment._ Testing Procedures: Testing Procedure 6.3.2.a: Examine documentation and interview personnel to verify that an inventory of bespoke and custom software and third-party software components incorporated into bespoke and custom software is maintained, and that the inventory is used to identify and address vulnerabilities. Testing Procedure 6.3.2.b: Examine software documentation, including for bespoke and custom software that integrates third-party software components, and compare it to the inventory to verify that the inventory includes the bespoke and custom software and third-party software components. Guidance: Purpose: Identifying and listing all the entity’s bespoke and custom software, and any third-party software that is incorporated into the entity’s bespoke and custom software enables the entity to manage vulnerabilities and patches. vulnerabilities in third-party components (including libraries, apis, etc.) embedded in an entity’s software also renders those applications vulnerable to attacks. knowing which third-party components are used in the entity’s software and monitoring the availability of security patches to address known vulnerabilities is critical to ensuring the security of the software. Good Practice: An entity’s inventory should cover all payment software components and dependencies, including supported execution platforms or environments, third- party libraries, services, and other required functionalities. there are many different types of solutions that can help with managing software inventories, such as software composition analysis tools, application discovery tools, and mobile device management.