PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control A3.2.5.1 Defined Approach Requirements: Data discovery methods are confirmed as follows: Effectiveness of methods is tested. Methods are able to discover cleartext PAN on all types of system components and file formats in use. The effectiveness of data-discovery methods is confirmed at least once every 12 months. PCI DSS Reference: _Scope of PCI DSS_ _Requirements_ Customized Approach Objective: This requirement is not eligible for the customized approach. Testing Procedures: Testing Procedure A3.2.5.1.a: Interview personnel and review documentation to verify: The entity has a process in place to test the effectiveness of methods used for data discovery. The process includes verifying the methods are able to discover cleartext PAN on all types of system components and file formats in use. Testing Procedure A3.2.5.1.b: Examine the results of effectiveness tests to verify that the effectiveness of data- discovery methods is confirmed at least once every 12 months. Guidance: Purpose: A process to test the effectiveness of the methods used for data discovery ensures the completeness and accuracy of account data detection. Good Practice: For completeness, system components in the in- scope networks, and systems in out-of-scope networks, should be included in the data- discovery process. the data-discovery process should be effective on all operating systems and platforms in use. accuracy can be tested by placing test pans on system components and file formats in use and confirming that the data-discovery method detected the test pans.