PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 12.9.2 Defined Approach Requirements: (continued)_ Additional requirement for service_ _providers only:_ TPSPs support their customers’ requests for information to meet Requirements 12.8.4 and 12.8.5 by providing the following upon customer request: PCI DSS compliance status information (Requirement 12.8.4). Information about which PCI DSS requirements are the responsibility of the TPSP and which are the responsibility of the customer, including any shared responsibilities (Requirement 12.8.5), for any service the TPSP provides that meets a PCI DSS requirement(s) on behalf of customers or that can impact security of customers’ cardholder data or sensitive authentication data. Customized Approach Objective: TPSPs provide information as needed to support their customers’ PCI DSS compliance efforts. Applicability Notes: This requirement applies only when the entity being assessed is a service provider. Guidance: Purpose: If a tpsp does not provide the necessary information to enable its customers to meet their security and compliance requirements, the customers will not be able to protect cardholder data nor meet their own contractual obligations. Good Practice: If a tpsp has a pci dss attestation of compliance (aoc), the expectation is that the tpsp should provide that to customers upon request to demonstrate their pci dss compliance status. if the tpsp did not undergo a pci dss assessment, they may be able to provide other sufficient evidence to demonstrate that it has met the applicable requirements without undergoing a formal compliance validation. for example, the tpsp can provide specific evidence to the entity’s assessor so the assessor can confirm applicable requirements are met. alternatively, the tpsp can elect to undergo multiple on-demand assessments by each of its customers’ assessors, with each assessment targeted to confirm that applicable requirements are met. tpsps should provide sufficient evidence to their customers to verify that the scope of the tpsp’s pci dss assessment covered the services applicable to the customer and that the relevant pci dss requirements were examined and determined to be in place. . Further Information: For further guidance, refer to: pci dss section:_use of third-party service_ _providers_. _information supplement: third-party security_ _assurance_ (includes a sample responsibility matrix template).