PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 11.5.1.1 Defined Approach Requirements: Additional requirement for service_ _providers only:_Intrusion-detection and/or intrusion-prevention techniques detect, alert on/prevent, and address covert malware communication channels. Customized Approach Objective: Mechanisms are in place to detect and alert/prevent covert communications with command-and-control systems. Alerts generated by these mechanisms are responded to by personnel, or by automated means that ensure that such communications are blocked. Testing Procedures: Testing Procedure 11.5.1.1.a: **_Additional testing procedure for_** **_service provider assessments only:_ Testing Procedure 11.5.1.1.b: **_Additional testing procedure for_** **_service provider assessments only:_ Testing Procedure 11.5.1.1.c: **_Additional testing procedure for_** **_service provider assessments only:_ Guidance: Purpose: Detecting covert malware communication attempts (for example, dns tunneling) can help block the spread of malware laterally inside a network and the exfiltration of data. when deciding where to place this control, entities should consider critical locations in the network, and likely routes for covert channels. when malware establishes a foothold in an infected environment, it often tries to establish a communication channel to a command-and- control (c&c) server. through the c&c server, the attacker communicates with and controls malware on compromised systems to deliver malicious payloads or instructions, or to initiate data exfiltration. in many cases, the malware will communicate with the c&c server indirectly via botnets, bypassing monitoring, blocking controls, and rendering these methods ineffective to detect the covert channels. . Good Practice: Methods that can help detect and address malware communications channels include real- time endpoint scanning, egress traffic filtering, an ”allow” listing, data loss prevention tools, and network security monitoring tools such as ids/ips. additionally, dns queries and responses are a key data source used by network defenders in support of incident response as well as intrusion discovery. when these transactions are collected for processing and analytics, they can enable a number of valuable security analytic scenarios. it is important that organizations maintain up-to- date knowledge of malware modes of operation, as mitigating these can help detect and limit the impact of malware in the environment.