PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 11.4.1 Defined Approach Requirements: A penetration testing methodology is defined, documented, and implemented by the entity, and includes: Industry-accepted penetration testing approaches. Coverage for the entire CDE perimeter and critical systems. Testing from both inside and outside the network. Testing to validate any segmentation and scope- reduction controls. Application-layer penetration testing to identify, at a minimum, the vulnerabilities listed in Requirement 6.2.4. Network-layer penetration tests that encompass all components that support network functions as well as operating systems. Review and consideration of threats and vulnerabilities experienced in the last 12 months. Documented approach to assessing and addressing the risk posed by exploitable vulnerabilities and security weaknesses found during penetration testing. Retention of penetration testing results and remediation activities results for at least 12 months. (continued)_ Applicability Notes: Testing from inside the network (or “internal penetration testing”) means testing from both inside the CDE and into the CDE from trusted and untrusted internal networks. Testing from outside the network (or “external penetration testing”) means testing the exposed external perimeter of trusted networks, and critical systems connected to or accessible to public network infrastructures. Testing Procedures: Testing Procedure 11.4.1: Examine documentation and interview personnel to verify that the penetration-testing methodology defined, documented, and implemented by the entity includes all elements specified in this requirement. Guidance: Purpose: Internal penetration testing serves two purposes. firstly, just like an external penetration test, it discovers vulnerabilities and misconfigurations that could be used by an attacker that had managed to get some degree of access to the internal network, whether that is because the attacker is an authorized user conducting unauthorized activities, or an external attacker that had managed to penetrate the entity’s perimeter. secondly, internal penetration testing also helps entities to discover where their change control process failed by detecting previously unknown systems. additionally, it verifies the status of many of the controls operating within the cde. a penetration test is not truly a “test” because the outcome of a penetration test is not something that can be classified as a “pass” or a “fail.” the best outcome of a test is a catalog of vulnerabilities and misconfigurations that an entity. Good Practice: Penetration testing techniques will differ based on an organization’s needs and structure and should be suitable for the tested environment—for example, fuzzing, injection, and forgery tests might be appropriate. the type, depth, and complexity of the testing will depend on the specific environment and the needs of the organization. Definitions: Penetration tests simulate a real-world attack situation intending to identify how far an attacker could penetrate an environment, given differing amounts of information provided to the tester. this allows an entity to better understand its potential exposure and develop a strategy to defend against attacks. a penetration test differs from a vulnerability scan, as a penetration test is an active process that usually includes exploiting identified vulnerabilities. . Further Information: Refer to the_information supplement: penetration_ _testing guidance_ for additional guidance. industry-accepted penetration testing approaches include: _the open source security testing methodology_ _and manual (osstmm)_ _open web application security project (owasp)_ _penetration testing programs._.