PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 12.8.5 Defined Approach Requirements: (continued)_ Information is maintained about which PCI DSS requirements are managed by each TPSP, which are managed by the entity, and any that are shared between the TPSP and the entity. Customized Approach Objective: Records detailing the PCI DSS requirements and related system components for which each TPSP is solely or jointly responsible, are maintained and reviewed periodically. Testing Procedures: Testing Procedure 12.8.5.a: Examine policies and procedures to verify that processes are defined to maintain information about which PCI DSS requirements are managed by each TPSP, which are managed by the entity, and any that are shared between both the TPSP and the entity. Testing Procedure 12.8.5.b: Examine documentation and interview personnel to verify the entity maintains information about which PCI DSS requirements are managed by each TPSP, which are managed by the entity, and any that are shared between both entities. Guidance: Purpose: It is important that the entity understands which pci dss requirements and sub-requirements its tpsps have agreed to meet, which requirements are shared between the tpsp and the entity, and for those that are shared, specifics about how the requirements are shared and which entity is responsible for meeting each sub-requirement. without this shared understanding, it is inevitable that the entity and the tpsp will assume a given pci dss sub-requirement is the responsibility of the other party, and therefore that sub- requirement may not be addressed at all. the specific information an entity maintains will depend on the particular agreement with their providers, the type of service, etc. tpsps may define their pci dss responsibilities to be the same for all their customers; otherwise, this responsibility should be agreed upon by both the entity and tpsp. Good Practice: Entities can document these responsibilities via a matrix that identifies all applicable pci dss requirements and indicates for each requirement whether the entity or tpsp is responsible for meeting that requirement or whether it is a shared responsibility. this type of document is often referred to as a_responsibility matrix_. . Further Information: Refer to_ information supplement: third-party_ _security assurance_for a sample responsibility matrix template.