PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 11.3.1.2 Defined Approach Requirements: Internal vulnerability scans are performed via authenticated scanning as follows: Systems that are unable to accept credentials for authenticated scanning are documented. Sufficient privileges are used for those systems that accept credentials for scanning. If accounts used for authenticated scanning can be used for interactive login, they are managed in accordance with Requirement 8.2.2. Customized Approach Objective: Automated tools used to detect vulnerabilities can detect vulnerabilities local to each system, which are not visible remotely. Applicability Notes: The authenticated scanning tools can be either host-based or network-based. “Sufficient” privileges are those needed to access system resources such that a thorough scan can be conducted that detects known vulnerabilities. This requirement does not apply to system components that cannot accept credentials for scanning. Examples of systems that may not accept credentials for scanning include some network and security appliances, mainframes, and containers. _This requirement is a best practice until 31 March_ _2025, after which it will be required and must be_ _fully considered during a PCI DSS assessment._ Testing Procedures: Testing Procedure 11.3.1.2.a: Examine scan tool configurations to verify that authenticated scanning is used for internal scans, with sufficient privileges, for those systems that accept credentials for scanning. Testing Procedure 11.3.1.2.b: Examine scan report results and interview personnel to verify that authenticated scans are performed. Testing Procedure 11.3.1.2.c: If accounts used for authenticated scanning can be used for interactive login, examine the accounts and interview personnel to verify the accounts are managed following all elements specified in Requirement 8.2.2. Testing Procedure 11.3.1.2.d: Examine documentation to verify that systems that are unable to accept credentials for authenticated scanning are defined. Guidance: Purpose: Authenticated scanning provides greater insight into an entity’s vulnerability landscape since it can detect vulnerabilities that unauthenticated scans cannot detect. attackers may leverage vulnerabilities that an entity is unaware of because certain vulnerabilities will only be detected with authenticated scanning. authenticated scanning can yield significant additional information about an organization’s vulnerabilities. Good Practice: The credentials used for these scans should be considered highly privileged. they should be protected and controlled as such, following pci dss requirements 7 and 8 (except for those requirements for multi-factor authentication and application and system accounts).