PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 8.2.2 Defined Approach Requirements: (continued)_ Group, shared, or generic IDs, or other shared authentication credentials are only used when necessary on an exception basis, and are managed as follows: ID use is prevented unless needed for an exceptional circumstance. Use is limited to the time needed for the exceptional circumstance. Business justification for use is documented. Use is explicitly approved by management. Individual user identity is confirmed before access to an account is granted. Every action taken is attributable to an individual user. Customized Approach Objective: All actions performed by users with group, shared, or generic IDs are attributable to an individual person. Applicability Notes: This requirement is not intended to apply to user accounts within point-of-sale terminals that have access to only one card number at a time to facilitate a single transaction. Testing Procedures: Testing Procedure 8.2.2.a: Examine user account lists on system components and applicable documentation to verify that shared authentication credentials are only used when necessary, on an exception basis, and are managed in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement. Testing Procedure 8.2.2.b: Examine authentication policies and procedures to verify processes are defined for shared authentication credentials such that they are only used when necessary, on an exception basis, and are managed in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement. Testing Procedure 8.2.2.c: Interview system administrators to verify that shared authentication credentials are only used when necessary, on an exception basis, and are managed in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement. Guidance: Purpose: Service providers with remote access to customer premises typically use this access to support pos poi systems or provide other remote services. if a service provider uses the same authentication factors to access multiple customers, all the service provider’s customers can easily be compromised if an attacker compromises that one factor. criminals know this and deliberately target service providers looking for a shared authentication factor that gives them remote access to many merchants via that single factor. . Examples: Tools and techniques can facilitate both management and security of these types of accounts and confirm individual user identity before access to an account is granted. entities can consider password vaults or other system- managed controls such as the_sudo_command. an example of an exceptional circumstance is where all other authentication methods have failed, and a shared id is needed for emergency use or “break the glass” administrator access. Good Practice: If shared ids are used for any reason, strong management controls need to be established to maintain individual accountability and traceability. .