PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 12.3

Defined Approach Requirements:
Risks to the cardholder data environment are formally identified, evaluated, and managed.

Guidance:
Purpose: Some pci dss requirements allow an entity to define how frequently an activity is performed based on the risk to the entity’s environment. performing this risk analysis according to a methodology ensures validity and consistency with policies and procedures. this targeted risk analysis (as opposed to a traditional enterprise-wide risk assessment) focuses on those pci dss requirements that allow an entity flexibility about how frequently an entity performs a given control. for this risk analysis, the entity carefully evaluates each pci dss requirement that provides this flexibility and determines the frequency that supports adequate security for the entity, and the level of risk the entity is willing to accept. the risk analysis identifies the specific assets, such as the system components and data—for example, log files, or credentials—that the requirement is intended to protect, as well as the threat(s) or outcomes that the requirement is protecting the assets from—for example, malware, an undetected intruder, or misuse of credentials. examples of factors that could contribute to likelihood or impact include any that could increase the vulnerability of an asset to a threat—for example, exposure to untrusted networks, complexity of environment, or high staff turnover—as well as the criticality of the system components, or volume and sensitivity of the data, being protected. _(continued on next page)_.