PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 9.2.2 Defined Approach Requirements: Physical and/or logical controls are implemented to restrict use of publicly accessible network jacks within the facility. Customized Approach Objective: Unauthorized devices cannot connect to the entity’s network from public areas within the facility. Testing Procedures: Testing Procedure 9.2.2: Interview responsible personnel and observe locations of publicly accessible network jacks to verify that physical and/or logical controls are in place to restrict access to publicly accessible network jacks within the facility. Guidance: Purpose: Without appropriate physical security over access to wireless components and devices, and computer networking and telecommunications equipment and lines, malicious users could gain access to the entity’s network resources. additionally, they could connect their own devices to the network to gain unauthorized access to the cde or systems connected to the cde. additionally, securing networking and communications hardware prevents malicious users from intercepting network traffic or physically connecting their own devices to wired network resources. Examples: Methods to meet this requirement include network jacks located in public areas and areas accessible to visitors could be disabled and only enabled when network access is explicitly authorized. alternatively, processes could be implemented to ensure that visitors are escorted at all times in areas with active network jacks. Good Practice: Whether logical or physical controls, or a combination of both, are used, they should prevent an individual or device that is not explicitly authorized from being able to connect to the network.