PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control A1.1.1 Defined Approach Requirements: Logical separation is implemented as follows: The provider cannot access its customers’ environments without authorization. Customers cannot access the provider’s environment without authorization. A1.1.1 Examine documentation and system and network configurations and interview personnel to verify that logical separation is implemented in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement. Customized Approach Objective Customers cannot access the provider’s environment. The provider cannot access its customers’ environments without authorization. Applicability Notes _This requirement is a best practice until 31_ _March 2025, after which it will be required and_ _must be fully considered during a PCI DSS_ _assessment._ Customized Approach Objective: Customers cannot access the provider’s environment. The provider cannot access its customers’ environments without authorization. **Applicability Notes** Applicability Notes: _This requirement is a best practice until 31_ _March 2025, after which it will be required and_ _must be fully considered during a PCI DSS_ _assessment._ Testing Procedures: Testing Procedure A1.1.1: Examine documentation and system and network configurations and interview personnel to verify that logical separation is implemented in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement. Guidance: Purpose: Without controls between the provider’s environment and the customer’s environment, a malicious actor within the provider’s environment could compromise the customer’s environment, and similarly, a malicious actor in a customer environment could compromise the provider and potentially other of the provider’s customers. multi-tenant environments should be isolated from each other and from the provider’s infrastructure such that they can be separately managed entities with no connectivity between them. Good Practice: Providers should ensure strong separation between the environments that are designed for customer access, for example, configuration and billing portals, and the provider’s private environment that should only be accessed by authorized provider personnel. service provider access to customer environments is performed in accordance with requirement 8.2.3. Further Information: Refer to the_information supplement: pci ssc cloud_ _computing guidelines_ for further guidance on cloud environments.