PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 12.5.2 Defined Approach Requirements: PCI DSS scope is documented and confirmed by the entity at least once every 12 months and upon significant change to the in-scope environment. At a minimum, the scoping validation includes: Identifying all data flows for the various payment stages (for example, authorization, capture settlement, chargebacks, and refunds) and acceptance channels (for example, card- present, card-not-present, and e-commerce). Updating all data-flow diagrams per Requirement 1.2.4. Identifying all locations where account data is stored, processed, and transmitted, including but not limited to: 1) any locations outside of the currently defined CDE, 2) applications that process CHD, 3) transmissions between systems and networks, and 4) file backups. Identifying all system components in the CDE, connected to the CDE, or that could impact security of the CDE. Identifying all segmentation controls in use and the environment(s) from which the CDE is segmented, including justification for environments being out of scope. Identifying all connections from third-party entities with access to the CDE. Confirming that all identified data flows, account data, system components, segmentation controls, and connections from third parties with access to the CDE are included in scope. Applicability Notes: This annual confirmation of PCI DSS scope is an activity expected to be performed by the entity under assessment, and is not the same, nor is it intended to be replaced by, the scoping confirmation performed by the entity’s assessor during the annual assessment. Testing Procedures: Testing Procedure 12.5.2.a: Examine documented results of scope reviews and interview personnel to verify that the reviews are performed: At least once every 12 months. After significant changes to the in-scope environment. Testing Procedure 12.5.2.b: Examine documented results of scope reviews performed by the entity to verify that PCI DSS scoping confirmation activity includes all elements specified in this requirement. Guidance: Purpose: Frequent validation of pci dss scope helps to ensure pci dss scope remains up to date and aligned with changing business objectives, and therefore that security controls are protecting all appropriate system components. Good Practice: Accurate scoping involves critically evaluating the cde and all connected system components to determine the necessary coverage for pci dss requirements. scoping activities, including careful analysis and ongoing monitoring, help to ensure that in-scope systems are appropriately secured. when documenting account data locations, the entity can consider creating a table or spreadsheet that includes the following information: data stores (databases, files, cloud, etc.), including the purpose of data storage and the retention period, which chd elements are stored (pan, expiry date, cardholder name, and/or any elements of sad prior to completion of authorization), how data is secured (type of encryption and strength, hashing algorithm and strength, truncation, tokenization), how access to data stores is logged, including a description of logging mechanism(s) in use (enterprise solution, application level, operating system level, etc.). . Further Information: For additional guidance, refer to_information_ _supplement: guidance for pci dss scoping and_ _network segmentation_.