PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 8.5.1 Defined Approach Requirements: MFA systems are implemented as follows: The MFA system is not susceptible to replay attacks. MFA systems cannot be bypassed by any users, including administrative users unless specifically documented, and authorized by management on an exception basis, for a limited time period. At least two different types of authentication factors are used. Success of all authentication factors is required before access is granted. Customized Approach Objective: MFA systems are resistant to attack and strictly control any administrative overrides. Testing Procedures: Testing Procedure 8.5.1.a: Examine vendor system documentation to verify that the MFA system is not susceptible to replay attacks. Testing Procedure 8.5.1.b: Examine system configurations for the MFA implementation to verify it is configured in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement. Testing Procedure 8.5.1.c: Interview responsible personnel and observe processes to verify that any requests to bypass MFA are specifically documented and authorized by management on an exception basis, for a limited time period. Testing Procedure 8.5.1.d: Observe personnel logging into system components in the CDE to verify that access is granted only after all authentication factors are successful. Testing Procedure 8.5.1.e: Observe personnel connecting remotely from outside the entity’s network to verify that access is granted only after all authentication factors are successful. Guidance: Purpose: Poorly configured mfa systems can be bypassed by attackers. this requirement therefore addresses configuration of mfa system(s) that provide mfa for users accessing system components in the cde. Examples: Examples of methods to help protect against replay attacks include, but are not limited to: unique session identifiers and session keys timestamps time-based, one-time passwords or passcodes anti-replay mechanisms that detect and reject duplicated authentication attempts. . Definitions: Using one type of factor twice (for example, using two separate passwords) is not considered multi- factor authentication. a replay attack is when an attacker intercepts a valid transmission of data and then resends or redirects this communication for malicious purposes. in mfa implementations, replay attacks are typically used to gain unauthorized access by leveraging legitimate credentials. Further Information: For more information about mfa systems and features, refer to the following: pci ssc’s_information supplement: multi-factor_ _authentication_ pci ssc’s frequently asked questions (faqs) on this topic.