PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 4.1.1 Defined Approach Requirements: All security policies and operational procedures that are identified in Requirement 4 are: Documented. Kept up to date. In use. Known to all affected parties. Customized Approach Objective: Expectations, controls, and oversight for meeting activities within Requirement 4 are defined and adhered to by affected personnel. All supporting activities are repeatable, consistently applied, and conform to management’s intent. Testing Procedures: Testing Procedure 4.1.1: Examine documentation and interview personnel to verify that security policies and operational procedures identified in Requirement 4 are managed in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement. Guidance: Purpose: Requirement 4.1.1 is about effectively managing and maintaining the various policies and procedures specified throughout requirement 4. while it is important to define the specific policies or procedures called out in requirement 4, it is equally important to ensure they are properly documented, maintained, and disseminated. Good Practice: It is important to update policies and procedures as needed to address changes in processes, technologies, and business objectives. for this reason, consider updating these documents as soon as possible after a change occurs and not only on a periodic cycle. Definitions: Security policies define the entity’s security objectives and principles. operational procedures describe how to perform activities, and define the controls, methods, and processes that are followed to achieve the desired result in a consistent manner and in accordance with policy objectives. policies and procedures, including updates, are actively communicated to all affected personnel, and are supported by operating procedures describing how to perform activities.