PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 8.3.10.1 Defined Approach Requirements: Additional requirement for service_ _providers only:_ If passwords/passphrases are used as the only authentication factor for customer user access (i.e., in any single-factor authentication implementation) then either: Passwords/passphrases are changed at least once every 90 days, OR The security posture of accounts is dynamically analyzed, and real-time access to resources is automatically determined accordingly. Customized Approach Objective: Passwords/passphrases for service providers’ customers cannot be used indefinitely. Applicability Notes: This requirement applies only when the entity being assessed is a service provider. This requirement does not apply to accounts of consumer users accessing their own payment card information. _This requirement is a best practice until 31 March_ _2025, after which it will be required and must be_ _fully considered during a PCI DSS assessment._ Until this requirement is effective on 31 March 2025, service providers may meet either Requirement 8.3.10 or 8.3.10.1. Guidance: Purpose: Using a password/passphrase as the only authentication factor provides a single point of failure if compromised. therefore, in these implementations, controls are needed to minimize how long malicious activity could occur via a compromised password/passphrase. Good Practice: Passwords/passphrases that are valid for a long time without a change provide malicious individuals with more time to break the password/phrase. periodically changing passwords offers less time for a malicious individual to crack a password/passphrase and less time to use a compromised password. dynamically analyzing an account’s security posture is another option that allows for more rapid detection and response to address potentially compromised credentials. such analysis takes a number of data points which may include device integrity, location, access times, and the resources accessed to determine in real time whether an account can be granted access to a requested resource. in this way, access can be denied and accounts blocked if it is suspected that account credentials have been compromised. Further Information: For information about using dynamic analysis to manage user access to resources, refer to_nist_ _sp 800-207 zero trust architecture_.