PCI DSS 4_0_1 Requirement Control 11.3.2 Defined Approach Requirements: External vulnerability scans are performed as follows: At least once every three months. By a PCI SSC Approved Scanning Vendor (ASV). Vulnerabilities are resolved and_ASV Program_ _Guide_ requirements for a passing scan are met. Rescans are performed as needed to confirm that vulnerabilities are resolved per the_ASV_ _Program Guide_requirements for a passing scan. Customized Approach Objective: This requirement is not eligible for the customized approach. Applicability Notes: For the initial PCI DSS assessment against this requirement, it is not required that four passing scans be completed within 12 months if the assessor verifies: 1) the most recent scan result was a passing scan, 2) the entity has documented policies and procedures requiring scanning at least once every three months, and 3) vulnerabilities noted in the scan results have been corrected as shown in a re-scan(s). _(continued on next page) _ Testing Procedures: Testing Procedure 11.3.2.a: Examine ASV scan reports from the last 12 months to verify that external vulnerability scans occurred at least once every three months in the most recent 12-month period. Testing Procedure 11.3.2.b: Examine the ASV scan report from each scan and rescan run in the last 12 months to verify that vulnerabilities are resolved and the_ASV_ _Program Guide_requirements for a passing scan are met. Testing Procedure 11.3.2.c: Examine the ASV scan reports to verify that the scans were completed by a PCI SSC Approved Scanning Vendor (ASV). Guidance: Purpose: Attackers routinely look for unpatched or vulnerable externally facing servers, which can be leveraged to launch a directed attack. organizations must ensure these externally facing devices are regularly scanned for weaknesses and that vulnerabilities are patched or remediated to protect the entity. because external networks are at greater risk of compromise, external vulnerability scanning must be performed at least once every three months by a pci ssc approved scanning vendor (asv). Good Practice: While scans are required at least once every three months, more frequent scans are recommended depending on the network complexity, frequency of change, and types of devices, software, and operating systems used. vulnerabilities identified during external vulnerability scans should be part of a vulnerability management process that includes multiple vulnerability sources, as specified in requirement 6.3.1. multiple scan reports can be combined to show that all systems were scanned and that all applicable vulnerabilities were resolved as part of the three-month vulnerability scan cycle. however, additional documentation may be required to verify non-remediated vulnerabilities are in the process of being resolved. Further Information: See the_asv program guide_ on the pci ssc website.